Skip to main content
BD logo

EN

Job Alerts
Manage Application
Saved Jobs
Careers at BD

Our Story
Life at BD
Career Areas
FAQs
Search Jobs
Search by Keyword
e.g., job title, category or topic
Location
eg., city, state or zip
Search
Eight Employees smiling and taking a photo
R&D Co-op
In-Office, Warwick, RI

Apply Now

Save Job
Job ID
R-543799
Category
Research & Development
Location
Warwick, Rhode Island
We are the people who give possibilities purpose

BD is one of the largest global medical technology companies in the world. Advancing the world of health™ is our Purpose, and it’s no small feat. It takes the imagination and passion of all of us—from design and engineering to the manufacturing and marketing of our billions of MedTech products per year—to look at the impossible and find transformative solutions that turn dreams into possibilities.

Job Description
R&D Co-op

BD Interventional Surgery, located in Warwick, RI, is a leading developer, manufacturer, and marketer of innovative, life-enhancing medical technologies. We focus our business on key surgical specialties, including Surgical Instruments, Soft Tissue Repair, Surgical Fixation, Infection Prevention, Biomaterials and Orthopedic/Wound Management Irrigation.

Our company has a strong tradition of developing our employees to learn, grow and excel.  We are continually building our team with qualified, team oriented individuals to enhance the success of our company.

BDI Surgery is situated in a central location, surrounded by a scenic coastline with easy access to T.F. Green Airport, AMTRAK Train Stations and Route 95, a major highway connecting to Providence, Connecticut, Boston and New York City within a short amount of time.         

Description:
Under direct supervision and guidance, this co-op will provide an opportunity to be exposed to the medical device field and offer hands on experience working within the Research & Development group in an Engineering capacity. As a co-op in the R&D department, you will work with cross-functional product development teams and alongside experienced engineers, you will contribute to design solutions and the advancement of new product development projects. You will have the opportunity to use state of the art equipment and take advantage of training courses offered on-site. This individual would be responsible for building test samples, compiling, analyzing and reporting operational test and research data to establish performance standards for newly designed or modified products, processes or materials. You will be assigned to specific product and/or support teams.

Duties Include:

Undertakes and successfully completes simple or basic project/product development tasks to include any of the following: building and evaluating product prototypes, developing and writing test methods, developing and documenting new product concepts, documenting of all test results and assembly processes.

Attends and contributes to product development meetings, which may include representatives from Marketing, Regulatory, Manufacturing, Quality, and other functions.

Create/invent new concepts and designs/approaches for new products/processes/test methods.

Designs, procures and fabricates simple tooling and fixtures.

Designs and coordinates engineering tests and experiments.

Participate in innovation challenges sponsored by the organization.

Can communicate technical results/findings to a broad audience of varied technical expertise.

Completes basic tasks on engineering documentation.

Train technicians/operators on new processes and/or test procedures.

Identifies areas for improvement, suggests solutions and submits idea records.

Special projects as assigned.  

Requirements:

Must be enrolled in accredited college/institution in good academic standing, pursing Bachelors or Masters degree in Biomedical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Materials Science/Engineering, Polymer Science/Engineering, Chemical Engineering, or similar field.

Only students in sophomore year or above will be considered

Minimum GPA of 3.0 required (4.0 for programs with 5.0 scale)

Preferred Qualifications:

Demonstrated record of leadership or participation in campus programs and/or community service activities and interest in medical device development.

The candidate must be available to work on-site during the sessionindicated.

Learn more about BD at https://www.bd.com(opens in new window)
* This position has opportunities available in Warwick, RIand the student will be required to provide his/her own transportation.

BD is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employers, M/F/D/V. VEVRAA Federal Contractor.

At BD, we prioritize on-site collaboration because we believe it fosters creativity, innovation, and effective problem-solving, which are essential in the fast-paced healthcare industry. For most roles, we require a minimum of 4 days of in-office presence per week to maintain our culture of excellence and ensure smooth operations, while also recognizing the importance of flexibility and work-life balance. Remote or field-based positions will have different workplace arrangements which will be indicated in the job posting.

For certain roles at BD, employment is contingent upon the Company’s receipt of sufficient proof that you are fully vaccinated against COVID-19. In some locations, testing for COVID-19 may be available and/or required. Consistent with BD’s Workplace Accommodations Policy, requests for accommodation will be considered pursuant to applicable law.

#earlycareer

Why Join Us?
To find purpose in the possibilities, we need people who can see the bigger picture, who understand the human story that underpins everything we do. We welcome people with the imagination and drive to help us reinvent the future of healthcare. At BD, you’ll discover a culture in which you can learn, grow and thrive.

We believe that when people connect in person, we learn faster, collaborate more deeply, and build a stronger culture. Join us and enjoy a culture where face-to-face collaboration supports your learning, your progress, and your success.

To learn more about BD visithttps://bd.com/careers(opens in new window).

Becton, Dickinson, and Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital or domestic or civil union status, familial status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetics, disability, military eligibility or veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.

Required Skills

Optional Skills

.

Primary Work Location
USA RI - Warwick
Additional Locations
Work Shift
Apply Now

Save Job
Share This Job
Facebook(opens in new window)
LinkedIn(opens in new window)
X(opens in new window)
Email
Map texture
See the area you’ll be working in.

Explore the area

Working at BD United States
Learn More

Join Our Talent Pool
Sign up to get the latest company news, events, and future opportunities straight to your inbox.

Join Our Talent Pool

Sign Up for Job Alerts
Create a job alert to be notified when positions that match your skills and location become available.

Sign Up For Job Alerts

Related Jobs
Viewed Jobs
Saved Jobs
Partenaire analyste de l'excellence commerciale CDD 5 mois H/F
Grenoble, France
View role

Packaging Operator
Mebane, North Carolina
View role

Posiflush Production Operator- C Shift
Columbus, Nebraska
View role

View All Jobs
Related Content
Outdoor photo of lots of BD associates all cheering together in front of a sign which reads 'Patients'.
Career Areas at BD
Explore dynamic career paths at BD and find roles that match your skills, passions and goals.
BD associate talking to a woman at a hiring event reviewing a notebook binder smiling
Applicant FAQs
Get clear answers to your top questions and confidently navigate every step of your journey.
BD Fraud Notice
Please be aware of potentially fraudulent job postings on other websites or suspicious recruiting email or text messages that attempt to collect your confidential information. If you are concerned that an offer of employment with BD, CareFusion or C.R. Bard might be a scam, please verify by searching for the posting on the careers page or contact us at ASC.Americas@bd.com. For more information click here.

Follow us:
Instagram
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube
X
Becton, Dickinson and Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital or domestic or civil union status, familial status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetics, disability, military eligibility or veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.

All applicants should complete the on-line application process. BD is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance or an accommodation because of a disability to participate in the application process, visit our Frequently Asked Questions.

BD and its affiliates and subsidiaries (BD) do not accept any liability for fees for resumes from recruiters or employment agencies (“Agency”), without a binding, written recruitment agreement between BD and Agency describing the services and specific job openings (“Agreement”). Agreements will only be valid if in writing and signed by an officer of BD or their designee. No other BD associate is authorized to bind BD to any agreement regarding the placement of candidates by an Agency.

Jobs By Category
Site Map
Terms of Use
Candidate Privacy Notices at BD
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy (EMEA)
Cookie Settings
Your Privacy Choices (US only)

©2026 BD. All rights reserved. BD and the BD Logo are trademarks of Becton, Dickinson and Company. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

May not be applicable in your region

BD EEO Statement
EEO is the Law
E-Verify Participation Poster
FMLA
PPA
Right to Work (English/Spanish)


Candidate
FEEDBACK
Open Bennie's AI Recruiting Assistant
Chat with our Recruiting Assistant
 

